Remove finished migrations (#592)
kyma-project/control-plane: components/kyma-environment-broker/internal/migrations/README.md

> ## Migrations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Migrations
```

> Whenever we want to execute migration which requires breaking changes, and a proper migration this package can be used to store migration files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to provide a migration that requires breaking changes, you can use this package to store the migration files.
```

> ### Best practices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Best practices
```

> - For each migration which requires breaking changes there should be implemented a rollback which can be used to revert changes in case of any problems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For each migration that requires breaking changes, you should implement a rollback that easily reverts changes in case of any problems.
```

> - Migrations and rollbacks execution must be configurable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Migration and rollback execution must be configurable.
```

> - Before the migration both scenarios should be tested on the mocked postgres storage containing the same data as on the DEV environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Before the migration, both migration and rollback scenario should be tested on the mocked Postgres storage containing the same data as on the `DEV` environment.
```

> - After the migration is done on every environment we should get rid of them from the KEB's source code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After the migration is done on every environment, get rid of them from the KEB's source code.
```

Reviewer: What do you mean by "them"?

Author: I will change it to: 
```
After the migration is done on every environment, remove it from the KEB's source code.
```
